# Clickbait-Headline-Generator

This is a simple Python program that generates clickbait headlines. It randomly selects a type of headline and fills in the blanks with random nouns, states, and pronouns to create a humorous or provocative title. The program includes eight different types of headlines, including "Are Millennials Killing the [noun] Industry?" and "You Won't Believe What This [state] [noun] Found in [place]."

## Installation
To run this program, you'll need to have Python 3 installed on your computer. You can download Python from the official website here.

## Usage
To use the Clickbait Headline Generator, simply run the main() function in your Python interpreter. The program will prompt you to enter the number of headlines you want to generate, and then it will output a list of clickbait titles. You can copy and paste these titles onto your website, blog, or social media page to attract clicks.

## Examples
Here are some example headlines generated by the Clickbait Headline Generator:

## Are Millennials Killing the Paleo Diet Industry?
- Without This Avocado, Dogs Could Kill You Soon
- Big Companies Hate Them! See How This Pennsylvania Cat Invented a Cheaper Robot
- You Won't Believe What This Ohio Doctor Found in Apocalypse Bunker
- What Doctors Don't Want You To Know About Chicken
- 15 Gift Ideas to Give Your Shovel From Texas
- 9 Reasons Why Robots Are More Interesting Than You Think (Number 3 Will Surprise You!)
- This Florida Parent Didn't Think Robots Would Take Their Plastic Straw Jobs, But Then This Happened

## Credits
This program was inspired by Al Sweigart (al@inventwithpython.com). Feel free to use and modify the code as you see fit.
